<h4>Tips:</h4>
<ul>
  <li>For the search, enter one or more words or hashtags.</li>
  <li>Posts having any of the words will be included in the river.</li>
  <li>Use a minus sign in front of a word to exclude posts with that word.
  Example: <i>#music -#classical</i> will find posts about music, but not classical music.</li>
  <li>Use the special term <i>:unread</i> to include only posts which you have not read yet.</li>
  <li>Use the special term <i>:tree</i> to include only posts by members of the same tree as you.</li>
  <li>Use double quotes to match multi-word phrases, or exact matches involving symbols.</li>
  <li>Use the special term <i>:from</i> followed by a name in quotes to match all posts by that person.  Example: <code>:from "Linus Torvalds"</code></li>
  <li>You can also <a href="/rivers/ensure_beginner_rivers_exist">have the beginner rivers recreated for you</a>.</li>
</ul>

<h4>Examples</h4>

<table class="table" id="query-examples">
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Query</th>
      <th>Description</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>:tree</td>
      <td>All posts originating from your tree</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>:forest</td>
      <td>All posts transmitted to your tree from every other tree in the forest, plus posts from your tree</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>:unread #knitting</td>
      <td>Posts tagged with #knitting which you have not read yet</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>#funny -#cats -#lolcats</td>
      <td>Posts tagged #funny, but not including posts about cats</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>environment</td>
      <td>
        Posts that mention the environment, whether or not they were hashtagged with #environment
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>:tree #bug #feature</td>
      <td>Bug reports and feature requests made by your treemates</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>"new york"</td>
      <td>Posts about New York, but not posts only having the word new</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>brazil -"world cup"</td>
      <td>Posts about Brazil, but not those mentioning the World Cup</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>:from "rekado"</td>
      <td>Posts written by rekado</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>#photography -:from "Photophile"</td>
      <td>Posts tagged with #photography, but not those by Photophile</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>
